---
layout: post
title: "First Interview!"
date: 2020-6-7
---
Okay so today was quit an enlightening day for me as I finally had my first interview. It was for an internship, I'm not sure if I will be getting the internship or not but it was definitely a good experience and I learned quite a lot today.
This blog is about sharing that experience and also about things I will taking care of while giving any interviews in future.

I applied for this internship a few days back and today I got a call from them in the morning. I wasn't really expecting that, I thought they will be informing through an email before scheduling any call or interview, but I guess they had other plans. I had a normal conversation with them, they asked about college and everything, finally an interview was scheduled in the evening at 4. As soon as the call ended, I started panicking and bititng my nails, talked to a few friends asking them about **what should I prepare?**, **what should I revise?**, **how should I say if I don't know anything?** and what not. I just got a little anxious as it was quite a kind of overwhelming situation to have someone interview me for the first time, I thought it was gonna be somewhat like the viva we have in college and schools, it's just it will last for a little long. :p
I started searching things like "interview questions for python, javascript" just to make sure I am actually preparing, well to be honest any of that didn't really help me in interview though.

Finally the interview was done, with me stammering while answering everything. The interviewer was quite helpful though, he even told me a few things which I didn't know and also helped me with a few questions. He asked many questions, some of which I couldn't answer because I didn't know the answer, some I forgot at that moment only god knows why and some I think I wasn't able to answer well because of the inability to clearly present and explain my thoughts and ideas over something to someone else.

So, long story short what I learned today is that giving interview needs practice too, it requires you to learn some skills so that you can present yourself well before the interviewer. I then also discussed about this with my brother and he also advised to always prepare for all the interviews beforehand, you should be able to cleary explain all of the projects and everything you have on your resume, you should know answers to some general question about yourself. It's always better to have those written somewhere and so that you can refer them before any interview. 
This particular interview was unexpected but turned out to be a great experience for me. I got quite a number of good questions whose answers I have to look for their answers now, I also got to know how important it is to present what you have inside your mind to other people clearly to be able to convince them about any idea or solution you have, how to disagree with people and answer diplomatically without actually sounding rude, how important it is to work on your communication skills and that giving interviews is also a skill which, I need to work on now!:)
