---
layout: post
title: "note to self!"
date: 2019-01-8
---


This blog post is for thinking out loud and about some changes I am aiming to make in my life, because apparently everything is a bit scattered which is not good and needs to be changed. 

I wrote the last blog about 2 months ago and since then I haven't written any blogs. Though, I do write in a personal dairy or randomly in a notepad sometimes but I am not accountable with that to anyone and also it's not regular. 

So, first I would try to note down all the bad and unproductive habits that I have started since vacations started :

**SLEEPING HABITS**

So when exams started from then onwards I have been having quite improper sleeping schedule. Then exams got cancelled because of some reasons and winter break was preponed so officially we had our winter break from 15 Dec. And during the break I have been having quite bad sleeping schedule and it is now really hard for me to wake up early or sleep early , which is *not good*.

**PROCRASTINATION**

This I had for very long now, although I think for a few last months I stopped doing this, but again as vacation started, here I am again not doing anything on time yet again and being lethargic and eventually ending up procrastinating the things which could have been easily done at that moment.


**POOR TIME MANAGEMENT**
 
All the the time complaining about not having enough time. But in reality I have more than enough time to do everything. If I would have planned my vacations properly and actually implemented that plan properly (saying this because I do invest a lot of my time and energy in making a routine but none in following it) I could have done a lot till now.    

**SOCIAL MEDIA AND OTHER DISTRACTIONS**

I stopped using all of the social media apps (except for twitter) when this semester of my college started , and actually I used to be a much more happier person then :) But then again when I started using all of them ( Facebook and Instagram) I feel I have started to get more irritated. But this needs to be changed. Apart from social media gladly I don't have any other distractions.

The thing is I feel I take too much time to do even a simple thing, and this is because I am doing a lot of things at one time. Then again starts feeling that I don't have enough time, and the whole routine thing I prepared couldn't go anywhere then, and then I have to procrastinate other things. 

Okay, done writing all of the problems now let's look at the solution but before that this is what I read in *THE SECRET by Rhonda Byrne*  :

**The only reason why people do not have what they want is because they are thinking more about what they don't want than what they do want.**

So, here is what I want to do in the coming days:

1- I will write more, for now I am aiming at 1 blog post per week , this will be about what I did in the whole week. So that I have some external push over me to do things.

2- I will improve my sleeping habits, will wake up early and go to bed early. This won't happen in a day but I hope would have done this by the time I will be writing the next blog.

3- I will plan again about what i need to do this semester (for next 6 months approx.) and this time by not just writing this and this, but actually deciding how and by what time I will be completing a particular thing.

4- I will stop procrastination, and will do things one at a time by keeping focus over just one thing.

5- I will stop using social media, except for twitter because i need it to keep myself updated with all of the things going around. 

6- I will try to read even more. Though I am happy with my reading habits right now, that is the only thing which think I did whole heartedly all this time.

That is it for this blog post, I will be writing the next blog post on next Saturday. I believe I will be a little better than what i am today! 
